Update smart_scripts.md (#902)
azerothcore/wiki: docs/smart_scripts.md

| SMART_ACTION_UPDATE_TEMPLATE                    | 36    | creature_template.entry                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Update Level                                                                                         |                                                                                                                            |                                                |                                       |                                       | Updates creature_template to given entry                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | SMART_ACTION_DIE                                | 37    | Milliseconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                            |                                                |                                       |                                       | Kill Target, if param1 is set, it will die after param1 milliseconds. 0: instakill                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SMART_ACTION_DIE                                | 37    | Milliseconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                            |                                                |                                       |                                       | Kill Target, if param1 is set, it will die after param1 milliseconds. 0: no delay, the target will die instantly                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```
